Registration completed.\Please proceed to user login using the new account username and password.
Welcome, user 
Detail changed successfully!
Your medication file is successfully generated in the system with your name as the filename.\Please confirm it in the system.
Patient Venous Plasma Glucose value successfully updated!
Patient HbA1c value successfully updated!
Patient Oral Glucose Tolerance Test value successfully updated!
Diet control has been issued successfully for the patient.
Medication prescribed successfully!
Patient selected successfully!
Congradulations! You are not in risk of the Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Your meal record has been added into the system successfully.
Patient Venous Plasma Glucose value successfully updated.\However, the patient is in risk of hypoglycaemia.\Please do pay extra attention and carry out necessary safety precautions.
Patient Venous Plasma Glucose value successfully updated.\However, the patient is in risk of hyperglycaemia.\Please do pay extra attention and carry out necessary safety precautions.
You are in risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus as your blood glucose level is abnormally high.\Please seek medical advices from our medical personnels as soon as possible.
Your blood glucose level is abnormally low!\This indicates that you are in risk of hypoglycaemia.\Please consume something high in sugar or any medications issued by a doctor.\If any symptoms such as dizziness or a headache are showing, please consult a doctor immediately.
Your blood glucose level is abnormally high!\This indicates that you are in risk of hyperglycaemia\Please ensure you are not skipping any insulin doses issued by the doctor\If any symptoms such as nausea and vomitting are occuring, please consult a doctor immediately.
You are in risk of Pre-Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus as your blood glucose level is mildly high.\Please seek medical advices from our medical personnels.
New admin successfully added!
Insulin has been cancelled successfully for the patient.
Insulin has been issued successfully for the patient.
Diet control has been cancelled successfully for the patient.
You are in risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus as your blood glucose level is abnormally high.\Other than that, you are also in great risk of hyperglycaemia.\Please seek medical advices from our medical personnels as soon as possible.
Patient HbA1c value successfully updated.\However, the patient is in risk of hypoglycaemia.\Please do pay extra attention and carry out necessary safety precautions.
Patient HbA1c value successfully updated.\However, the patient is in risk of hyperglycaemia.\Please do pay extra attention and carry out necessary safety precautions.
Please do remember to record their 
Patient Oral Glucose Tolerance Test value successfully updated.\However, the patient is in risk of hypoglycaemia.\Please do pay extra attention and carry out necessary safety precautions.
Patient Oral Glucose Tolerance Test value successfully updated.\However, the patient is in risk of hyperglycaemia.\Please do pay extra attention and carry out necessary safety precautions.
All patient information report successfully produced with the file name "patient_medical_report.txt".
Patient individual information report produced with the name of "(patient_name)_medical_report.txt".